adding default AWS SDK credential resolution to connector (#1)
dfreiman-hbo/athenadriver: README.md

#### Use `athenadriver` Config For Authentication

> When environment variable `AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG` is NOT set, you can pass valid (NOT dummy) `region`, `accessID`, `secretAccessKey` into `athenadriver.NewDefaultConfig()`, in addition to `outputBucket`.

Reviewer: I wonder if it's better to denote here that you MUST pass "outputBucket" and "region" and that the rest are optional?

The full code is here at [examples/auth.go](https://github.com/uber/athenadriver/tree/master/examples/auth.go).

#### Use AWS SDK Default Credentials Resolution for Authentication

> If environment variable `AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG` is NOT set and credentials are not supplied in the athenadriver configuration, the AWS SDK will lookup credentials using its default methodology described here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v1/developer-guide/configuring-sdk.html#specifying-credentials.

Reviewer 2: Nit:

```suggestion
If environment variable `AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG` is NOT set and credentials are not supplied in the `athenadriver` configuration, the AWS SDK will look up credentials using its default methodology described here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v1/developer-guide/configuring-sdk.html#specifying-credentials.
```

Author: This is an eventual PR back to the source library (pending OSS approval), so nitpicking is great.

`Region` and `OutputBucket` bucket still need to be explictly defined.

> The sample code below ensure `AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG` is not set, then creates a athenadriver config with OutputBucket and Region values set.

Reviewer 2: Nit:

```suggestion
The sample code below ensures `AWS_SDK_LOAD_CONFIG` is not set, then creates a athenadriver config with OutputBucket and Region values set.
```
